This document describes ZeroVM daemon mode
(up to date 2013-11-08, needs editing)
-------------------------------------------------------------

Description:
starting from build 2013-11-08 zerovm can be started as daemon. only purpose
of current implementation of daemon mode is reducing latency. some programs
has very long startup time

daemon creation:
1. manifest should contain "Job" keyword. the keyword value contain the unix
   socket name. the socket will be used by daemon and spawned sessions to
   receive commands / manifests and to send reports
2. the user program should contain zvm_fork invocation
3. until zvm_fork session must not encounter errors

spawning:
each request received by the daemon will immediately spawn child zerovm
session which works as usual with some exclusions:
1. a new manifest should be valid and contain same channels definitions (uris
   can differ). following keywords will be ignored (but shell present): Memory,
   Program, Version.
2. all data written until zvm_fork() will be lost. all sequential channels keep
   their positions (and sequential channels reached eof will be unavailable)
3. zerovm daemon created with network channel(s) behavior undefined
4. report of spawned session can only be placed to control channel provided by
   Job in manifest

known issues (features):
1. daemon mode zerovm (daemon) releases forked processes in wait status when
get command through command channel. therefore some finished and not yet
released sessions will be seen as zombies

2. spawned sessions inherit validator status. if daemon was launched with -s
   spawned session report will contain validator status = 2
   
3. etags disabled in daemon will be disabled in child

4. manifest for spawning session should have daemon's channels set

5. current spawned session manifest size limited to 64kb (regular manifest
   limited to 512kb)

6. the daemon process will have name "zvm.????????????" where "????????????"
   1st 12 letters of the unix socket name taken from "Job".

7. unix socket given through "Job" will be rewritten when daemon will be created